Just the cows are friendly
Remember that for us
The word just has an importantly different meaning
Then the word
Homely
If I say only the cows are friendly
That means that the only friendly creatures
That you will find or among
The cows
So if someone is friendly they must be one of the cows
But it doesn't mean that all the cows are friendly
Suppose that you're at a farm
And the dogs are mean
And the Sheep are mean
And the goats are mean
And the farmer tells you
Only the cows are friendly
And so you approach a cow and the cow bites you
And the farmer says
Oh
Not her she's not friendly
Not all of the cows are friendly
The farmer hasn't contradicted themselves
The Kent farmer said that only the cows are friendly
But didn't say that all of the cows are friendly
The other hand
For us the word just means
The same thing as exactly
So if the farmer says
Just the cows are friendly
The farmer is saying that exactly those things that are cows
Our friendly
In other words
Only the cows are friendly
But also
All the cows are friendly
So all-in-all only the cows
Our friendly
This is a biconditional
Inside of a universal
Generalization
So what this says is
Everything is such that
It is a cow
If and only if it is
Friendly
To be a cow
His age
To be friendly
IS F
And remember the
I double f
Is
Not a typo that's a shorthand for if and only if
Are biconditional
And everything is such that
Is our Universal quantifier
So
For all Acts
Sex is a cow
If and only if
Taxes friendly
In other words
The cows and the friendly creatures those two groups exactly coincide they have exactly the same members
So it's exactly the cows
That are friendly